T




                     BOARD OF ANIMAL SERVICES COMMISSIONERS
                               CITY OF LOS ANGELES

                                 REGULAR MEETING AGENDA
                                  Tuesday, September 8, 2026
                                           9:30 a.m.

                            LOS ANGELES CITY HALL, ROOM 1060
                                200 NORTH SPRING STREET
                              LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA 90012

                        Public Comment Will Be Taken Both In-Person
                              and Remotely via Teleconference

    To join the meeting and to offer public comment via Teleconference, use this link:
                           https://us06web.zoom.us/j/84377469386

      Or Dial (877) 853-5257 and use Webinar ID No. 843 7746 9386 and then Press #.
                      Press # again when prompted for participant ID.



                                ALISON McBETH-FEATHERSTONE
                                          President

                                        OLIVIA E. GARCÍA
                                         Vice-President

                                    ALEXANDER KASENDORF
                                      THERESA SARDISCO
                                        YVETTE SMITH


Sign language interpreters, assistive listening devices, or other auxiliary aids and/or services may
be provided upon request. To make your request please call (213) 482-9558. To ensure
availability, you are advised to make your request at least 72 hours prior to the meeting you wish
to attend.
Si requiere servicios de traducción, favor de hacer pedido con 24 horas de anticipo al
(213) 482-9558.
Board of Animal Services Commissioners Meeting
Meeting Agenda September 8, 2026
Page 2


        PUBLIC COMMENT PERIOD

        Comments from the public on agenda items and non-agenda items of public interest within
        the Board’s subject matter jurisdiction.

        The rules regarding public comment are set forth at the bottom of this agenda. Public
        Comment will be taken both in-person and remotely via teleconference. Every person
        wishing     to   address    the    Commission      remotely    must   use     this  link:
        https://us06web.zoom.us/j/84377469386 or dial (877) 853-5257 and enter 843 7746 9386,
        press #, and then press # again when prompted for participant ID. Instructions on how to
        sign up for public comment will be given at the start of the meeting. If remote public
        comment via teleconference becomes unavailable due to a technological issue, the Board
        may still proceed with the meeting and hear in-person public comment only.

        Note: The Brown Act prohibits the Board and staff from discussing or taking action relative to a
        speakers' comments on non-agenda items. Some of the matters raised in public comment may appear
        on a future agenda.


                                                 AGENDA ITEMS

    1. COMMISSION BUSINESS

        A. Approval of Minutes for the Meeting of August 25, 2026.


    2. NEIGHBORHOOD COUNCIL INPUT – Comments from Neighborhood Council
       representatives on Neighborhood Council Community Impact Statements filed with the City
       Clerk or written resolutions which relate to any agenda item listed on this meeting agenda.
       Clarification on the process for Neighborhood Councils to present Community Impact
       Statements and resolutions.


    3. BOARD REPORTS

        A. Authority to Transfer $35,157 from the Animal Welfare Trust Fund the University of
           California Davis Koret Shelter Medicine Program Grant Funds to the General Services
           Department to Install Cat Portals - Revised (Report No. 26-020). (Tabled from August
           25, 2026 meeting)

        B. Acceptance of an In-Kind Donation of Flea and Tick Prevention Medication from
           betterTogether Forever (Report No. 26-022).

        C. Request Authority to Utilize $6,588.40 from the Animal Welfare Trust Fund to Purchase
           Equipment for the Specialized Mobile Animal Rescue Team (SMART) (Report No. 26-
           023).


                  Please join us at our website: www.LAAnimalservices.com
Board of Animal Services Commissioners Meeting
Meeting Agenda September 8, 2026
Page 3


        D. Approve a Personal Services Agreement Between the City of Los Angeles and the
           Community Animal Medicine Project, Inc. to Continue to Provide Spay/Neuter and
           Related Veterinary Services at the Harbor Animal Services Center Spay/Neuter Clinic
           (Report No. 26-024).


    4. ORAL REPORT OF THE GENERAL MANAGER – Report and updates from the General
       Manager on Department operations, including shelter operations/programs, facilities
       updates, and past and upcoming Department events. Report Backs include an update on
       how many spay/neuter surgeries occurred between the City and intervention groups at
       Skid Row, LA City Council Motion for LAAS staff to examine whether Los Angeles should
       seek outside groups to operate one or more facilities and how such a transition would work,
       and Euthanasia decision-making related to LAAS shelters that are beyond capacity.


    5. COMMISSIONERS’ ORAL REPORTS AND FUTURE AGENDA ITEMS – Commissioner
       announcements or reports on their own activities and requests for future agenda items.


    ADJOURNMENT

        Next Regular Meeting is scheduled for 6:00 p.m., September 22, 2026 at City Hall, 200
        North Spring Street, Room 1060, Los Angeles, CA 90012.


                      Board of Animal Services Commissioners Meeting Rules

Agendas. The Board of Animal Services Commissioners (Board) meets regularly every second (2nd) and fourth (4th)
Tuesday of each month at 9:30 a.m. or 6:00 p.m. The agendas for Board meetings contain a brief general description
of those items to be considered at the meetings. Board Agendas are available at the Department of Animal Services
(Department), Administrative Division, 221 North Figueroa Street, 6th Floor, Suite 600, Los Angeles, CA 90012. Board
Agendas may also be viewed on the 2nd floor Public Bulletin Board in City Hall East, 200 North Main Street, Los
Angeles, CA 90012. Internet users may also access copies of present and prior agenda items, copies of the Board
Calendar, MP-3 audio files of meetings as well as electronic copies of approved minutes on the Department’s website
at https://www.laanimalservices.com/about-us-2/commission/#three

Public Input at Board Meetings. An opportunity for the public to address the Board on agenda items for which public
hearings have not been held will be provided at the beginning of the meeting during the Public Comment Period.
Members of the public who wish to speak on agenda items shall be allowed to speak for up to one (1) minute per item
and up to a total of three (3) minutes per meeting. When speaking on an agenda item during the Public Comment
Period, the speaker shall identify the specific item to which they are speaking and limit their comments to that item.
Members of the public will also be allowed an additional one (1) minute to provide general public comment at each
regular meeting on any matter that is within the Board’s subject matter jurisdiction. The Chairperson may exercise their
discretion to change the time periods allocated to public speakers at any particular meeting.

Notice to Paid Representatives. If you are compensated to monitor, attend, or speak at this meeting, City law may


                   Please join us at our website: www.LAAnimalservices.com
Board of Animal Services Commissioners Meeting
Meeting Agenda September 8, 2026
Page 4


require you to register as a lobbyist and report your activity. See Los Angeles Municipal Code §§ 48.01 et seq. More
information is available at ethics.lacity.org/lobbying. For assistance, please contact the Ethics Commission at
(213) 978-1960 or ethics.commission@lacity.org.

Brown Act. These rules shall be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the Ralph M. Brown Act, California
Government Code Section 54950 et seq.

Standards of Conduct. All persons present at Board meetings are expected to behave in an orderly manner and to
refrain from disrupting the meeting, interfering with the rights of others to address the Board and/or interfering with the
conduct of business by the Board. In the event that any speaker does not comply with the foregoing requirements, or
if a speaker does not address the specific item under consideration, the speaker may have their time forfeited and the
Chairperson may call upon the next speaker.

The Board, by majority vote, may order the removal from the meeting of any speaker or audience member continuing
to behave in a disruptive manner after being warned by the Chairperson regarding their behavior. Section 403 of the
California Penal Code states as follows: “Every person who, without authority of law, willfully disturbs or breaks up any
assembly or meeting that is not unlawful in its character, other than an assembly or meeting referred to in Section 302
of the Penal Code or Section 18340 of the Elections Code, is guilty of a misdemeanor.”

Voting and Disposition of Items. Three (3) members of the Board constitute a quorum for the transaction of business.
Most items require a majority vote of the entire membership of the Board (3 members). The Board Secretary will
announce the items to be considered by the Board. The Board will hear the presentation on the topic and may gather
additional information from Department Staff. Once presentations have finished, the Board President will ask if any
Board Member wishes to speak on one or more of these items. Some items on the Agenda may be approved without
any discussion.

When debate on an item is completed, the Chairperson will instruct the Secretary to "call the roll". Every member
present must vote for or against each item; abstentions are not permitted. The Secretary will announce the votes on
each item. Any member of the Board may move to "reconsider" any vote on any item on the agenda, except to adjourn,
suspend the Rules, or where an intervening event has deprived the Board of jurisdiction, providing that said member
originally voted on the prevailing side of the item. The motion to "reconsider" shall only be in order once during the
meeting, and once during the next regular meeting. The member requesting reconsideration shall identify for all
members present the Agenda number and subject matter previously voted upon. A motion to reconsider is not
debatable and shall require an affirmative vote of three members of the Board.

When the Board has failed by sufficient votes to approve or reject an item, and has not lost jurisdiction over the matter,
or has not caused it to be continued beyond the next regular meeting, the issue is again placed on the next agenda for
the following meeting for the purpose of allowing the Board to again vote on the matter.

Neighborhood Council Input. Pursuant to Los Angeles Administrative Code Section 22.819, a certified neighborhood
council (NC) may take a formal position on a matter by way of a Community Impact Statement (CIS) filed with the City
Clerk or a written resolution, and may present the formal position at a Board meeting if it pertains to a matter listed on
the agenda. If a NC would like to present its formal position at a Board meeting, the NC must provide the Board with
a copy of the CIS or resolution sufficiently in advance for review and potential placement on the agenda. The NC’s
CIS or resolution should clearly identify the specific matter to which the formal position pertains, and may only be
presented on one occasion. If the CIS or resolution pertains to a matter listed on the agenda, the authorized NC


                   Please join us at our website: www.LAAnimalservices.com
Board of Animal Services Commissioners Meeting
Meeting Agenda September 8, 2026
Page 5


representative will have the opportunity to present the NC’s formal position on the matter within the time allotted by the
Chairperson.




                   Please join us at our website: www.LAAnimalservices.com
