                     BOARD OF WATER AND POWER
                     COMMISSIONERS
                     DEPARTMENT OF WATER AND POWER OF THE CITY OF LOS ANGELES
                     Room 1555-H, 111 North Hope Street, Los Angeles, CA 90012



                    REGULAR MEETING AGENDA
                   September 22, 2026, at 10:00 A.M.
               Board of Water and Power Commissioners
                               President Allan T. Marks
                              Vice President Nurit D. Katz
                            Commissioner Rudy J. Ortega, Jr.
                             Commissioner Wilma J. Pinder
                             Commissioner Benny B. Tran


BOARD OF WATER AND POWER COMMISSIONERS MEETING PROCEDURES
All people who wish to attend the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power Board of
Commissioners Meetings (LADWP Board Meetings) are encouraged to wear a face covering
throughout the meeting.

Members of the public who wish to listen to the LADWP Board Meetings live can do so by calling the
following telephone number at any time during the meeting: (323) 433-2408 and entering meeting
code: 520 506 712#

Members of the public may also view the meeting live on-line by going to:
http://ladwp.granicus.com/ViewPublisher.php?view_id=2&&_afrLoop=359337251116000

Requests for reasonable modification or accommodation from individuals with disabilities, consistent
with the Americans with Disabilities Act, can be requested in advance by contacting the Commission
Office at (213) 367-1356 during business hours. For Telecommunications Relay Service for the
hearing impaired, please visit the site below for details of the services available:
https://www.fcc.gov/consumers/guides/telecommunications-relay-service-trs

OPPORTUNITIES FOR THE PUBLIC TO ADDRESS THE BOARD
Before reaching those portions of the agenda where Board action is requested, members of the
public will be given an opportunity to address the Board on items of interest within the subject matter
jurisdiction of the Board (general public comment). Members of the public will be given an
opportunity to address the Board on any item on the regular agenda prior to or during the Board’s
consideration of that item. The same opportunity will be given in open session regarding the closed
session agenda prior to commencement of the closed session. Agendas for special meetings will
permit the public to address particular agenda items even where the agenda does not include
general public comment.

The requirement of public comment on individual items shall not apply if the opportunity for public
comment on the item previously had been provided by a Board committee (consisting entirely of
Board members at which a quorum was present) to all interested members of the public when it
considered the item and the item had not changed substantially since the committee hearing. The
Board agenda shall state whether such earlier opportunity for public comment had been duly
provided. If the Board President determines that an item has changed substantially since the
committee hearing, public comment on the item shall be allowed. (These public comment
procedures are in addition to any other hearing requirement specifically imposed by law.)

Each speaker is allowed to speak up to two minutes per agenda item, with a five-minute cumulative
total to speak on all agenda items. The Presiding Officer shall, however, exercise discretion to
determine whether such period of time should be reduced or extended based upon such factors as
the length of the agenda or substance of the agenda items, the number of public comment speaker
cards submitted, the need for the Board to conclude its business as expeditiously as is practicable,
and whether the Board is at risk of losing a quorum, among other factors.

BOARD MEETINGS
Board meetings are conducted in accordance with the Ralph M. Brown Act, California Government
Code Section 54950 et seq. Resources: The Brown Act: Open Meetings for Local Legislative
Bodies (Cal. Atty. Gen. 2003) (available online at www.oag.ca.gov/open-meetings); Open & Public
IV: A Guide to the Ralph M. Brown Act (League of Cal. Cities 2d ed. 2010) (available online at
www.cacities.org search for "Open Meeting IV").

Board meetings are conducted in accordance with the Rules of the Board of Water and Power
Commissioners available online at https://www.ladwp.com/who-we-are/board-commissioners.

Board meetings are presided over by the Board President or, in his or her absence, as provided in
Board Rule No. 5.

The Board upon request will provide reasonable accommodation to the disabled to ensure equal
access to its meetings. To ensure availability, such request should be made as soon as reasonably
practical by contacting the Commission Office at (213) 367-1356 during business hours.

MEETING AGENDAS
The agenda for meetings contains a brief general description of the items to be considered. The
Board may consider an item not on the agenda only in limited circumstances consistent with the
Brown Act. The agenda is posted in the front window to the left (as viewed from the street) of the
main entrance of the JFB Building, in the JFB lobby before entering Security area, JFB Level A lobby
before entering Security area, and outside JFB Room 1555-H at least 72 hours before regular

                                                  2
meetings and at least 24 hours before special meetings. The agenda is also available online at
www.ladwp.com/board. The description of any item displayed on the agenda may be changed
subsequent to the electronic posting of the agenda or by Board action at the meeting, but only if
consistent with the Brown Act.

ACCESS BY THE PUBLIC TO DOCUMENTS DISTRIBUTED TO BOARD MEMBERS
Members of the public may inspect documents (other than legally confidential documents) relating to
open session items on the agenda distributed to at least a majority of Board members in advance of
the meeting or at the meeting. Many of the documents distributed in advance of the meeting will be
available online through a link included in the item description on the agenda. Some large
documents or documents received too late to link to an agenda item may not be viewable in this
manner. Documents (other than confidential documents) distributed during the meeting -- if prepared
by the Department, another City department or office, or a Board member – will be made available
for inspection during the meeting. Documents may be viewed in the Commission Office (JFB Room
1555) prior to or after the meeting. Copies may be obtained in accordance with regular procedures
for copying Department records.

THE ORDER OF BUSINESS
The order of business for regular meetings typically follows the sequence described below. The
Board, however, sometimes considers matters out of order as the Board President may direct. The
order of business for special meetings will be determined by the agenda. Thus, some special
meeting agendas may follow the organizational format of regular meetings, while other meeting
agendas may be limited to but one or several items.

1. Preliminary Matters: The Board President will begin the meeting with opening remarks.

2. General Public Comments: An opportunity for the public to address the Board on items of interest
to the public that are within the subject matter jurisdiction of the Board or on the Agenda for
approval. The Board will hear from members of the public who have requested to speak on an item
for which a speaker card has been submitted. Thereafter, the General Manager may give a report.

3. Consideration of Items Recommended for Approval: The Board will consider items recommended
for approval. Items which a Commissioner has requested pulled for discussion will generally be
considered after the Management Reports and Filed Items.

4. Management Reports: Reports from management and other documents are presented to the
Board for information or possible discussion. No action is requested in regard to these items.

5. Items for Approval: The Board President will announce the items to be considered by the Board.

6. Filed Items: Filed items from management and other documents are presented to the Board for
informational purposes and/or possible discussion. No action is requested in regard to these items.


                                                  3
7. Closed Session Agenda: Before going into closed session, the Board will hear from members of
the public on any closed session item. Thereafter, the Board will make any announcements required
by law before retiring to closed session. Closed sessions are allowed only for particular subject
matters permitted by the Brown Act. The Board agenda will state any provisions of the Brown Act
permitting the closed session. After the closed session, the Board will publicly report any action
taken in closed session and the vote or abstention thereon of every member present in accordance
with California Government Code Section 54957.1.

BOARD ACTIONS
The vote of at least three members is required for Board action. With some exceptions, Board actions are
not final when taken because, under Los Angeles City Charter Section 245, the City Council may assert
jurisdiction for possible veto of actions of boards and commissions of City government. Board actions
thus become final as provided by Charter Section 245.




                                                    4
                   BOARD OF WATER AND POWER
                   COMMISSIONERS
                   Meeting Agenda – September 22, 2026
A.   Roll Call

B.   Opening remarks by the Commission President

C.   Remarks by Commissioners

D.   Minutes
      1. Recommendation for approval of the minutes of the September 8, 2026,
         Regular Board Meeting of the Board of Water and Power Commissioners.

E.   Public Comment
     An opportunity for the public to address the Board on items of interest to the
     public that are within the subject matter jurisdiction of the Board or on the agenda
     for approval. (Speakers may be limited in speaking time dependent upon the
     press of business and number of persons wishing to address the Board. In
     accordance with the Brown Act, no action or discussion shall be undertaken by
     the Board on any item not appearing on the posted agenda.)

F.   Report/Briefing by the Interim General Manager
     Reports also from Water, Power, and Administrative System Management
     concerning current matters relating to Departmental operations.

G. Comments from Ratepayer Advocate on Agendized Items

H.   Consideration of Items Recommended for Approval

I.   Management Reports

J.   Reports by Commissioners on Committee Activity

K.   Filed Items
      1. Water System Monthly Report - June 2026 through July 2026

L.   Introduction of Motions for Future Consideration




                                           5
M. Discussion with Neighborhood Council Representatives
     Discussion with Neighborhood Council representatives on any Neighborhood
     Council Resolution or Community Impact Statement filed with the City Clerk which
     relate to any agenda item listed or being considered on this agenda for the Board.

N.    Items for Approval
      The Board will consider items recommended for approval. Items which a
      Commissioner has requested pulled for discussion will generally be considered
      after the Management Reports and Filed Items.
      1. Recommended by Office of the Chief Strategy and Sustainability Officer
         Approval of Agreement No. 47027 for Cloud Based Energy Management
         Tool with Abjayon, Inc. The proposed Agreement is for a term of five years,
         and an amount not to exceed $500,000.
         Determine item is exempt pursuant to California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) Guidelines Section
         15061(b)(3).


      2. Recommended by Office of the Chief Strategy and Sustainability Officer
         Approval of Amendment No. 1 to Agreement No. 47702 with Barren Ridge
         Renewable Transmission Project Habitat Restoration and Revegetation Plan
         with Chambers Group, Inc. The proposed Amendment will increase the
         contract amount by $5,000,000 from $15,550,000 to a new not to exceed
         amount of $20,550,000.
         Determine item is exempt pursuant to CEQA Guidelines Section 15060(c)(3).


      3. Recommended by Power System
         Approval of Agreement No. 47044 for Proprietary Professional, Technical,
         and Repair Services and Parts with GE Vernova International, LLC. The term
         of the Agreement spans five years from the date of execution, with a
         budgeted not to exceed amount of $250,000,000.
         Determine item is exempt pursuant to CEQA Guidelines Section 15060(c)(3).


      4. Recommended by Water System
         Approval of Agreement Nos. 47985A, 47985B, and 47985C, for Professional
         Services for the Eastern Sierra Water Management Program with Formation
         Environmental, LLC; Geosyntec Consultants, Inc.; and Stantec Consulting
         Services, Inc. The proposed Agreement Nos. 47985A, 47985B, and 47985C
         will provide professional services for tasks related to water management in
         the Eastern Sierra for a term of five years and a cumulative amount not to
         exceed $8,600,000.
         Determine item is exempt pursuant to CEQA Guidelines Section 15060(c)(3).




                                                   6
    5. Recommended by Board of Water and Power Commissioners
       Approval of Resolution Authorizing Travel of Commissioner
       Rudy J. Ortega, Jr. to Sacramento, California from October 19, 2026 through
       October 22, 2026, representing the Department and Board of Water and
       Power Commissioners.
       Determine item is exempt pursuant to CEQA Guidelines Section 15060(c)(3).


    6. Recommended by Board of Water and Power Commissioners
       Approval of Resolution Authorizing Travel of President Allan T. Marks to
       Sacramento, California from October 19, 2026, through October 21, 2026,
       representing the Department and Board of Water and Power
       Commissioners.
       Determine item is exempt pursuant to CEQA Guidelines Section 15060(c)(3).


    7. Recommended by Office of the City Attorney
       Approval of Third Amendment to Agreement No. 47758 between the City of
       Los Angeles, acting by and through the Los Angeles Department of
       Water and Power and Meyers Nave. The Amendment adds $830,000 for an
       aggregate budget of $3,780,000. The scope of legal services and the term of
       the Agreement, commencing on January 11, 2023, and terminating
       January 10, 2028, shall not change.
       Determine item is exempt pursuant to CEQA Guidelines Section 15061(b)(3).


    8. Recommended by Office of the City Attorney
       Approval of First Amendment to Agreement No. 47814 between the City of
       Los Angeles, acting by and through the Los Angeles Department of
       Water and Power and Kaplan Kirsch, LLP. The Amendment adds $7,000,000
       for an amount not to exceed $8,600,000 and would extend the term of the
       Agreement by two years, making the termination date April 20, 2029.
       Determine item is exempt pursuant to CEQA Guidelines Section 15061(b)(3).


    9. Recommended by Office of the Chief Customer Officer,
       Communications, and Community Affairs
       Approval of Amendment Nos. 1, 2, and 3 to Agreement No. 47856 for
       Commercial Direct Install Program Management and Services with Willdan
       Group, Inc. The Agreement’s five-year term and not to exceed amount
       of $330 Million will remain unchanged, if fully implemented the pilot is
       estimated to cost approximately $80 to $90 Million.
       Determine item is exempt pursuant to CEQA Guidelines Section 15060(c)(3).


O. Adjournment




                                                7
