                                SOUTH LOS ANGELES AREA PLANNING COMMISSION
                                         REGULAR MEETING AGENDA
                                  TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 2026 AFTER 4:30 P.M.
                                    LOS ANGELES COUNCIL DISTRICT EIGHT
                               CONSTITUENT SERVICE CENTER, COMMUNITY ROOM B
                                        8475 SOUTH VERMONT AVENUE
                                           LOS ANGELES, CA 90044

 Meeting presentations will be made available here (https://tinyurl.com/SouthAPC9-1-26) by Monday, August 31,
                       2026. Compliant Day of Submissions will be added to this drive.

Stacey Pruitt, President                                                                      Vincent P. Bertoni, AICP, Director
Eric D. Bates, Vice President                                                            Kevin J. Keller, AICP, Executive Officer
Julio Esperias, Commissioner                                                              Shana M. M. Bonstin, Deputy Director
Catherine Hernandez, Commissioner                                                          Haydee Urita-Lopez, Deputy Director
Ariel Torres Socarras, Commissioner                                                       Arthi L. Varma, AICP, Deputy Director
                                                                                         Lisa M. Webber, AICP, Deputy Director
                                                                                                Craig R. Weber, Deputy Director

Stephanie Gavidia, Commission Executive Assistant I
apcsouthla@lacity.org
(213) 978-1558

POLICY FOR DESIGNATED PUBLIC HEARING ITEMS:

Pursuant to the Commission’s general operating procedures, the Commission at times must necessarily limit the speaking times
of those presenting testimony on either side of an issue that is designated as a public hearing item. In all instances, however,
equal time is allowed for presentation of pros and cons of matters to be acted upon. Every person wishing to address the
commission in person must complete a speaker’s request form and submit it to the Commission staff.


YOU CAN ACCESS THE MEETING ONLINE VIA ZOOM AT: https://planning-lacity-org.zoom.us/j/82997039281 or by calling
(213) 338-8477 or (669) 900-9128. Use Meeting ID: 829 9703 9281 AND Passcode 945489. For hybrid meeting participation
information, please click here. The ability to provide public comment remotely, an optional participation feature, may be subject to
technical issues. Should technical difficulties occur or persist, the in-person meeting shall continue to be conducted. Applicants,
appellants and/or Representatives are required to attend the meeting in person.

Written submissions, which are optional, may be submitted prior to, or at, the meeting. These are governed by the South Valley
Area Planning Commission Rules and Operating Procedures posted online at https://planning.lacity.org. However, please see
submission guidelines below which have been modified to accommodate the hybrid meeting format.

Initial Submissions, not limited as to volume, must be received by the Commission Executive Assistant no later than by 4:00
p.m. on the Monday prior to the week of the Commission meeting. Materials are to be emailed to apcsouthla@lacity.org.
Secondary Submissions in response to a Staff Recommendation Report or additional comments must be received electronically
no later than 48-hours before the Commission meeting. Submissions shall not exceed ten (10) pages, including exhibits, and must
be submitted electronically to apcsouthla@lacity.org. Photographs do not count toward the page limitation. Day of Hearing
Submissions within 24 hours of the meeting, up to and including the day of the meeting are limited to 2 pages plus accompanying
photographs. Day of Hearing Submissions are to be submitted electronically to apcsouthla@lacity.org and 12 hard copies must
be submitted at the in-person meeting. Submissions that do not comply with these rules will be stamped “File Copy. Non-
Complying Submission.” Non-complying submissions will be placed into the official case file, but they will not be delivered to or
considered by the Commission and will not be included in the official administrative record for the item at issue.

The Commission may RECONSIDER and alter its action taken on items listed herein at any time during this meeting or during the
next regular meeting, in accordance with the Commission Rules and Operating Procedures and provided that the Commission
retains jurisdiction over the case. If a Commission meeting is canceled or adjourned due to lack of quorum, all remaining agenda
items shall be continued to the next regular meeting or beyond as long as the continuance is within the legal time limits of the
case or cases.

Requests for reasonable modification or accommodation from individuals with disabilities, consistent with the Americans
with Disabilities Act can be made by contacting the Commission Executive Assistant at (213) 978-1389 or by email at
apcsouthla@lacity.org no later than three working days (72 hours) prior to the meeting. For Telecommunication Relay Services
for the hearing impaired, please see the information located on the last page of this agenda.
If you challenge these agenda items in court, you may be limited to raising only those issues you or someone else raised at the
public hearing described in this notice, or in written correspondence on these matters delivered to this agency at or prior to the
public hearing.

If you seek judicial review of any decision of the City pursuant to California Code of Civil Procedure Section 1094.5, the petition
for writ of mandate pursuant to that section must be filed no later than the 90th day following the date on which the City's decision
became final pursuant to California Code of Civil Procedure Section 1094.6. There may be other time limits which also affect your
ability to seek judicial review.

Agendas and Adopted Minutes are available online at http://planning.lacity.org, by selecting “About,” “Commissions, Boards &
Hearings,” filter by “South Los Angeles Area Planning Commission.” For additional information regarding the format of this
telephonic public meeting, please visit our website at http://planning.lacity.org.

If you would like to receive a determination letter for any item on today’s agenda, please email your request to
apcsouthla@lacity.org. Please include your contact information (email or mailing address) and the case number associated with
the item.

Información en español acerca de esta junta puede ser obtenida llamando al (213) 978-1300. Servicios de traducción al español
están disponibles, de ser solicitados con un mínimo de 72 horas de anticipación, en todas las juntas de la comisión.


1.    DIRECTOR’S REPORT AND COMMISSION BUSINESS

      ●     Election of Officers

      ●     Legal actions and issues update

      ●     Items of Interest

      ●     Advance Calendar

      ●     Commission Requests

2.    NEIGHBORHOOD COUNCIL POSITION STATEMENTS ON AGENDA ITEMS

      Presentations by Neighborhood Council representatives on any Neighborhood Council resolution, or
      community impact statement filed with the City Clerk, which relates to any agenda item listed or being
      considered on this agenda. The Neighborhood Council representative shall provide the Board or
      Commission with a copy of the Neighborhood Council's resolution or community impact statement by email
      to apcsouthla@lacity.org. At the Chair’s discretion, presentations of Neighborhood Councils on any matter
      listed on the agenda for this Commission meeting may be taken at the time the agenda item is taken for
      consideration.


3.    GENERAL PUBLIC COMMENT

      The Commission shall provide an opportunity in open meetings for the public to address it on non-agenda
      items, for a cumulative total of up to thirty (30) minutes, on items of interest to the public that are within
      the subject matter jurisdiction of the Commission.


4.    RECONSIDERATIONS

      a. MOTIONS TO RECONSIDER – The Commission may make a motion to reconsider a Commission
         Action on any agenda items from its previous meeting, consistently with the Commission Rule 9.3,
         provided the Commission retains jurisdiction over the matter.



South Los Angeles Area Planning Commission                           2                                         September 1, 2026
      b. MERITS OF ANY ITEM THE COMMISSION HAS VOTED TO RECONSIDER – If a majority of the
         Commission has approved a motion to reconsider a Commission Action, the Commission may address
         the merits of the original Commission Action.



                     The next regular meeting of the South Los Angeles Area Planning Commission
                              will be held on Tuesday, September 15, 2026 at 4:30 p.m.

                                              Los Angeles Council District Eight
                                       Constituent Service Center, Community Room B
                                                8475 South Vermont Avenue
                                                   Los Angeles, CA 90044

                                                Notice to Paid Representatives:

If you are compensated to monitor, attend, or speak at this meeting, City law may require you to register as a lobbyist and
report your activity. See Los Angeles Municipal Code Section 48.01 et seq. More information is available at
ethics.lacity.org/lobbying. For assistance, please contact the Ethics Commission at (213) 978-1960 or
ethics.commission@lacity.org.

                          Reasonable Accommodations Consistent with Federal and State Law

As a covered entity under Title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act, the City of Los Angeles does not discriminate on
the basis of disability and, upon request, will provide reasonable accommodations to ensure equal access to its programs,
services and activities. Sign language interpreters, assistive listening devices, or other auxiliary aids and/or other services
must be requested 72 hours prior to the meeting by calling the Commission Executive Assistant at (213) 978-1389 or by
email at apcsouthla@lacity.org.

                                             Telecommunication Relay Services

Telephone communication is one of the most important forms of communication in society today. Due to advancements in
technology, telephone devices have evolved with new services and capabilities. Individuals who are deaf and hard of
hearing, and individuals with a speech disability are following these trends and are rapidly migrating to more advanced
telecommunications methods, both for peer-to-peer and third-party telecommunications relay service (TRS)
communications.

Telecommunications Relay Service is a telephone service that allows persons with hearing or speech disabilities to place
and receive telephone calls. TRS is available in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. territories
for local and/or long distance calls. TRS providers - generally telephone companies - are compensated for the costs of
providing TRS from either a state or a federal fund. There is no cost to the TRS user.

What forms of TRS are available? There are several forms of TRS, depending on the particular needs of the user and the
equipment available: TRS includes: Text to Voice TIY-Based TRS; Speech-to-Speech Relay Service; Shared Non-English
Language Relay Service; Captioned Telephone Relay Service; Internet Protocol Relay Service; and Video Relay Service.
Please visit this site for detailed descriptions, https://www.fcc.gov/consumers/guides/telecommunications-relay-
service-trs.

Don't hang up! Some people hang up on TRS calls because they think the Communications Assistant (CA) is a telemarketer.
If you hear, "Hello. This is the relay service ... " when you pick up the phone, please don't hang up! You are about to talk,
through a TRS provider, to a person who is deaf, hard-of-hearing, or has a speech disability.

For more information about FCC programs to promote access to telecommunications services for people with disabilities,
visit the FCC's Disability Rights Office website.




South Los Angeles Area Planning Commission                        3                                       September 1, 2026
