                                      CULTURAL HERITAGE COMMISSION
                                         REGULAR MEETING AGENDA
                               THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 2026, AFTER 10:00 A.M.
                                          LOS ANGELES CITY HALL
                              200 NORTH SPRING STREET, 10TH FLOOR, ROOM 1010
                                           LOS ANGELES, CA 90012

Meeting presentations will be made available here (https://tinyurl.com/CHC09-17-26) on Monday, September 14, 2026.
              Compliant Day-of-Hearing Submissions will be added to this drive as they are received.


  Barry Milofsky, President                                                                   Vincent P. Bertoni, AICP, Director
  Pilar Buelna, Commissioner                                                            Kevin J. Keller, AICP, Executive Officer
  Dr. Laura Dominguez, Commissioner                                                      Shana M. M. Bonstin, Deputy Director
  Victor Jones, Commissioner                                                               Haydee Urita-Lopez, Deputy Director
  Ethel Rubio, Commissioner                                                              Arthi L. Varma, AICP, Deputy Director
                                                                                        Lisa M. Webber, AICP, Deputy Director
                                                                                               Craig R. Weber, Deputy Director

  Bryan Sanchez, Commission Executive Assistant I
  chc@lacity.org
  (213) 978-1454

  POLICY FOR DESIGNATED PUBLIC HEARING ITEMS:

  Pursuant to the Commission’s general operating procedures, the Commission at times must necessarily limit the speaking times
  of those presenting testimony on either side of an issue that is designated as a public hearing item. In all instances, however,
  equal time is allowed for presentation of pros and cons of matters to be acted upon. Every person wishing to address the
  commission in person must complete a speaker’s request form and submit it to the Commission staff.

  YOU CAN ACCESS THE MEETING VIA ZOOM AT: https://planning-lacity-org.zoom.us/j/87862296661 OR BY CALLING
  (213) 338-8477 OR (669) 900-9128. USE MEETING ID 878 6229 6661 AND PASSCODE 937100. For hybrid meeting
  participation information, please click here. The ability to provide public comment remotely, an optional participation feature,
  cannot be guaranteed. If staff is unable to establish a strong remote connection the in-person meeting shall continue to be
  conducted. Applicants, Property Owners, and/or Representatives are required to attend the meeting in person.

  Written submissions, which are optional, may be submitted prior to, or at, the meeting. These submissions are governed by the
  City Planning Commission Rules and Operating Procedures posted online at https://planning.lacity.org/commissioners. Initial
  Submissions, not limited as to volume, must be received by the Commission Executive Assistant no later than by 4:00 p.m.
  on the Thursday prior to the week of the Commission meeting. Secondary Submissions, limited to ten (10) pages, must be
  received no later than 48 hours before the Commission meeting. Day of Hearing Submissions, limited to two (2) pages, are
  received within 48 hours of the meeting. If the submission is made on the same day as the meeting, it is recommended that ten
  (10) hard copies of the submissions be brought to the meeting for distribution to Commissioners. All submissions should be
  made electronically to chc@lacity.org. Photographs do not count toward page limits. Submissions can be made until the Chair
  closes public comment on the agenda item. Submissions that do not comply with these rules will be stamped “File Copy. Non-
  Complying Submission.” Non-complying submissions will be placed into the official case file, but they will not be delivered to
  or considered by the Commission, and will not be included in the official administrative record for the item at issue.

  If a Commission meeting is canceled or adjourned due to lack of quorum, all remaining agenda items shall be continued to the
  next regular meeting or beyond as long as the continuance is within the legal time limits of the case or cases.

  Requests for reasonable modification or accommodation from individuals with disabilities, consistent with the
  Americans with Disabilities Act can be made by contacting the Commission Executive Assistant at (213) 978-1454 or by email
  at chc@lacity.org no later than three working days (72 hours) prior to the meeting. For Telecommunication Relay Services for
  the hearing impaired, please see the information located on the last page of this agenda.




 Cultural Heritage Commission                                1                                           September 17, 2026
 Translation Services may be available if requested 72 hours in advance of this meeting. Please call (213) 978-1300 or email
 chc@lacity.org to make a request for in person translation services.

 Información en español acerca de esta junta puede ser obtenida llamando al (213) 978-1300. Servicios de traducción al español
 podrían estar a su disposición de ser solicitados con un mínimo de 72 horas de anticipación.

 If you challenge these agenda items in court, you may be limited to raising only those issues you or someone else raised at the
 public hearing described in this notice, or in written correspondence on these matters delivered to this agency at or prior to the
 public hearing.

 If you seek judicial review of any decision of the City pursuant to California Code of Civil Procedure Section 1094.5, the petition
 for writ of mandate pursuant to that section must be filed no later than the 90th day following the date on which the City's
 decision became final pursuant to California Code of Civil Procedure Section 1094.6. There may be other time limits which also
 affect your ability to seek judicial review.

 Agendas and Adopted Minutes are available online at http://planning.lacity.org, by selecting “About,” “Commissions, Boards &
 Hearings,” filter by “Cultural Heritage Commission.”

 If you would like to receive a determination letter for any item on today’s agenda, please email your request to chc@lacity.org.
 Please include your contact information (email or mailing address) and the case number associated with the item.


1.      DIRECTOR’S REPORT AND COMMISSION BUSINESS

        ●    Election of Officers

        ●    Old Business

        ●   New Business

        ●    Advance Calendar

        ●    Commission Announcements/Requests


2.      NEIGHBORHOOD COUNCIL POSITION STATEMENTS ON AGENDA ITEMS

        Presentations by Neighborhood Council representatives on any Neighborhood Council resolution, or
        community impact statement filed with the City Clerk, which relates to any agenda item listed or being
        considered on this agenda. The Neighborhood Council representative shall provide the Board or
        Commission with a copy of the Neighborhood Council's resolution or community impact statement by
        email to chc@lacity.org. At the Chair’s discretion, presentations of Neighborhood Councils on any
        matter listed on the agenda for this Commission meeting may be taken at the time the agenda item is
        taken for consideration.


3.      GENERAL PUBLIC COMMENT
        The Commission shall provide an opportunity in open meetings for the public to address it on non-
        agenda items, for a cumulative total of up to thirty (30) minutes, on items of interest to the public that
        are within the subject matter jurisdiction of the Commission.




Cultural Heritage Commission                                  2                                           September 17, 2026
4.    MONUMENT: SAKAI-KOZAWA RESIDENCE/TOKIO FLORIST AND POLE SIGN, HISTORIC-
                CULTURAL MONUMENT #1198

       Plan Area: Silver Lake – Echo Park – Elysian Valley                            Council District: 4 – Raman

      PROPERTY ADDRESS:           2718 North Hyperion Avenue

       Informational presentation on the proposed rehabilitation of the parking lot and Japanese garden at the
       front of the Monument. Commission review and comment.

      Owner/
      Applicant:             Ben Shulman, T4 Hyperion, LLC

      Representatives:       Eric Leishman, DIG: A Architecture and Design, and
                             Jeff Allen and Chris Parker, Pacific Crest Consultants



5.    PROPOSED MONUMENT: CHATEAU ALTO NIDO

       CHC-2026-4299-HCM
       CEQA: ENV-2026-4300-CE                                             Council District: 13 – Soto-Martinez
       Plan Area: Hollywood                                                        Last Day to Act: 09-18-26

      PROPERTY ADDRESS:           1851 North Ivar Avenue

      REQUESTED ACTIONS:
      Review of the Historic-Cultural Monument application, pursuant to Los Angeles Administrative Code
      Section 22.171.10, to determine whether to take the proposed designation of a Monument under
      consideration.

      Owners:         Chateau Alto Nido Partners De LLC;
                      Irene M. Hensel, Trustee, Irene M. Hensel Revocable Trust

      Applicants:     Brian Curran and Margot Gerber, Hollywood Heritage

      Preparers:      James Dastoli and Margot Gerber, Hollywood Heritage



6.    PROPOSED MONUMENT: CASA DE CADILLAC

       CHC-2026-4302-HCM
       CEQA: ENV-2026-4303-CE                                                     Council District: 4 – Raman
       Plan Area: Sherman Oaks – Studio City – Toluca                              Last Day to Act: 09-18-26
                  Lake – Cahuenga Pass

      PROPERTY ADDRESS:           14401 West Ventura Boulevard; 14330-14350 W. Moorpark Street




Cultural Heritage Commission                       3                                      September 17, 2026
        REQUESTED ACTIONS:
        Review of the Historic-Cultural Monument application, pursuant to Los Angeles Administrative Code
        Section 22.171.10, to determine whether to take the proposed designation of a Monument under
        consideration.

        Owners:           14401 Ventura Propco LLC Et al. c/o Susan W. Drake and Janice L. Wilson;
                          Wilson Family Trust Properties II LLC; and
                          James N. Wilson and Barbara E. Wilson

        Applicant:        Andrew Salimian, Los Angeles Conservancy

        Preparer:         Charles J. Fisher



                            The next regular meeting of the Cultural Heritage Commission
                              will be held on Thursday, October 1, 2026 at 10:00 a.m.
                                                Los Angeles City Hall
                                     200 N. Spring Street, 10th Floor, Room 1010
                                               Los Angeles, CA 90012



                                              Notice to Paid Representatives:

 If you are compensated to monitor, attend, or speak at this meeting, City law may require you to register as a lobbyist
 and report your activity. See Los Angeles Municipal Code Section 48.01 et seq. More information is available at
 ethics.lacity.org/lobbying. For assistance, please contact the Ethics Commission at (213) 978-1960 or
 ethics.commission@lacity.org.


                        Reasonable Accommodations Consistent with Federal and State Law

 As a covered entity under Title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act, the City of Los Angeles does not discriminate on
 the basis of disability and, upon request, will provide reasonable accommodations to ensure equal access to its programs,
 services and activities. Sign language interpreters, assistive listening devices, or other auxiliary aids and/or other services
 must be requested 72 hours prior to the meeting by calling the Commission Executive Assistant at (213) 978-1454 or
 by email at chc@lacity.org.

                                           Telecommunication Relay Services

 Telephone communication is one of the most important forms of communication in society today. Due to advancements
 in technology, telephone devices have evolved with new services and capabilities. Individuals who are deaf and hard of
 hearing, and individuals with a speech disability are following these trends and are rapidly migrating to more advanced
 telecommunications methods, both for peer-to-peer and third-party telecommunications relay service (TRS)
 communications.

 Telecommunications Relay Service is a telephone service that allows persons with hearing or speech disabilities to place
 and receive telephone calls. TRS is available in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. territories
 for local and/or long distance calls. TRS providers - generally telephone companies - are compensated for the costs of
 providing TRS from either a state or a federal fund. There is no cost to the TRS user.




Cultural Heritage Commission                                4                                          September 17, 2026
 What forms of TRS are available? There are several forms of TRS, depending on the particular needs of the user and
 the equipment available: TRS includes: Text to Voice TIY-Based TRS; Speech-to-Speech Relay Service; Shared Non-
 English Language Relay Service; Captioned Telephone Relay Service; Internet Protocol Relay Service; and Video Relay
 Service. Please visit this site for detailed descriptions, https://www.fcc.gov/consumers/guides/telecommunications-
 relay-service-trs.

 Don't hang up! Some people hang up on TRS calls because they think the Communications Assistant (CA) is a
 telemarketer. If you hear, "Hello. This is the relay service ... " when you pick up the phone, please don't hang up! You are
 about to talk, through a TRS provider, to a person who is deaf, hard-of-hearing, or has a speech disability.

 For more information about FCC programs to promote access to telecommunications services for people with disabilities,
 visit the FCC's Disability Rights Office website.




Cultural Heritage Commission                              5                                          September 17, 2026
